---
layout: post
title:  "Troop 423 update"
date:   2016-05-24 22:08:08 -0400
categories: update
---
Friday, May 27 – weather permitting – place flags on the graves of veterans.  To show respect, I’m asking that the boys be in uniform for this.   Meet at the church at 6:30 (this may change).  NOTE – THE ATTACHED SCOUTWIRE HAS A 5% OFF COUPON FOR UNIFORMS PURCHASED AT COUNCIL (at the bottom).
 
Monday – Wernersville Memorial Day parade - The staging area for the parade is Furnace and Franklin. We are supposed to be there at 9:00 (they close 422 down at 9:30) the parade starts at 10:00.  We will be behind the pack.  Again, please be in uniform with the red troop neckerchief.  (I may arrive closer to 9:30 as it is easier to cross 422 with the flags when the traffic is detoured.)  Look for the Pack as we’ll be following them.  Parade concludes at the fire company with a memorial service.  Parents can meet us there after the parade. 
 
May 31- noon – deadline for Hawk Mountain Scout Reservation T-Shirts orders.  If interested please let Robin Kiebach (Robin.Kiebach@sglgroup.com) know as she is coordinating the orders. 

June 5:   6:30 meeting – we will meet at the church to work on fitness requirements and discuss campout on 6/10 and set schedule for adult assistance at HMSR to insure we have minimum coverage.  HAND IN CARWASH $ OR UNSOLD COUPONS.
 
June 10: Campout at Davis – those over 18 camping with us should complete BSA’s Youth Protection Training found at  www.my.scouting.org,  A print out of your completion of this course, and the PA ACT 153 clearances should be provided when received.  The proof of YPT and the clearances are required to accompany all new adult applications.  Since our trips and campouts often have boys participating without their parent(s) we are required to have background checks before an adult can participate.  So please hurry and start the process.  http://www.hmc-bsa.org/PABackgroundChecksforVolunteers  (We need to get a copy of the background checks to the church as well.)
 
June 11:  Get Outdoors Day at Blue Marsh
June 12 – NO MEETING
 
June 14 – Flag Day details to follow
 
June 19 – NO Meeting
 
June 26 – Meeting 6:30
July 3 – NO Meeting
 
7/9 – Assist at church picnic in the grove
 
7/10 (Noonish)-7/16 (am) week at Hawk Mountain Scout Reservation
 
7/29-8/1 Three nights camping at Raystown Lake (Susquehannock campground). For those driving, I’ll need name, make, model, year and number of seat belts of the vehicle you will be taking as well as the owner of the vehicle if different.   Additionally, we need the liability combined single limit from your policy.  This is needed by 6/14 so that the tour plan can be prepared and submitted in advance of the trip.  Also should have email address, cell number and what BSA training has been completed. 
 
Please let me know if you have any questions.
 
Thank you,
